fix(metric, log): merge explicit resource with environment variables (#5773)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Added

> - Metric config WithResource function merges provided resource with resource information from the environment. (#5773)
> - LoggerProvider#newProviderConfig merges provided resource with resource information from the environment. (#5773)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `WithResource` option for `NewMeterProvider` now merges the provided resources with the ones from environment variables. (#5773)
- The `WithResource` option for `NewLoggerProvider` now merges the provided resources with the ones from environment variables. (#5773)
```

- Fix memory leak in the global `MeterProvider` when identical instruments are repeatedly created. (#5754)
- Fix panic instruments creation when setting meter provider. (#5758)

> - Fix metric config WithResource function and LoggerProvider#newProviderConfig to merge provided resource with resource information from the environment. (#5773)

Reviewer: This would be more readable as two changelog entries IMHO. Also, this technically isn't a bugfix, but a new feature.

Reviewer: It should be "Added", as it's a new feature.

Author: That's what I did, so we should be good here. 👍
